edge-23.1.1 (#10129)
linkerd/linkerd2: CHANGES.md

# Changes

## edge-23.1.1

This edge release introduces a number of different fixes changes to the proxy.
The proxy has been updated to initialize routes lazily, which means service
profile routes will now only show up in the metrics when a route is used. In
the extensions, old (`ServerAuthorization`) resources have been converted to
`AuthorizationPolicy` -- as part of this change, redundant policy resources
have been cleaned up. A bug in the destination controller that could
potentially lead to stale pods being considered in the load balancer has been

> fixed; operations that could previously result in this behavior are now

Reviewer: it may be too "in the weeds" to talk about these operations being infallible now.  I think it's sufficient to say that the bug was fixed.

Author: 👍🏻 makes sense.

infallible. Support has been added for `Pod Security Admission`, used instead
of `Pod Security Policy`, as part of this change, some of the extension charts
have been modified to include a `cniEnabled` flag that will impact the policy

> used. 

Reviewer 2: PSA is the recommended alternative to PSP, but we still support the latter (although disabled by default). And sorry I didn't update the PR description, but we finally didn't have to add the `cniEnabled` flag.

Author: ooo that makes sense, I'll update.

> This edge release introduces a number of different fixes changes to the proxy.
> The proxy has been updated to initialize routes lazily, which means service
> profile routes will now only show up in the metrics when a route is used. In
> the extensions, old (`ServerAuthorization`) resources have been converted to
> `AuthorizationPolicy` -- as part of this change, redundant policy resources
> have been cleaned up. A bug in the destination controller that could
> potentially lead to stale pods being considered in the load balancer has been
> fixed; operations that could previously result in this behavior are now
> infallible. Support has been added for `Pod Security Admission`, used instead
> of `Pod Security Policy`, as part of this change, some of the extension charts
> have been modified to include a `cniEnabled` flag that will impact the policy
> used. 
> 
> Finally, this edge release contains a number of fixes and improvements
> from our contributors.

Reviewer 3: Hope you don't mind, but I took a stab at breaking these points out a little more since there are so many changes. I added a little more detail about the proxy changes as well. I picked sentences that you already wrote, but structured it a little differently.

```suggestion
This edge release fixes a caching issue in the destination controller, converts
deprecated policy resources, and introduces several changes to how the proxy
works.

A bug in the destination controller that could potentially lead to stale pods
being considered in the load balancer has been fixed; operations that could
previously result in this behavior are now infallible.

Several Linkerd extensions were still using the now deprecated
ServerAuthorization resource. These instances have now been converted to using
AuthorizationPolicy. Additionally, there were several policy resources that
authenticated probes, but these became redundant after a previous change that
automatically authenticates probes; those resources have been removed.

As part of ongoing policy work in the proxy, there are several changes with how
the proxy works. There were several places that we were able to remove
unnecessary caching and buffering. Routes are now lazily initialized so that
service profile routes will not show up in metrics until the route is used.
Furthermore, the proxy’s traffic splitting behavior has changed so that only
available resources are used, resulting in less failfast errors.

Finally, this edge release contains a number of fixes and improvements from our
contributors.
```

Author: Yeah this looks better to me. I wasn't sure how many paragraphs we want to include in there but it's better to be concise and structured than to just lob all of the words in in an effort to keep the number of lines minimal :) I'll do another pass through to wordsmith based on Alejandro and Alex's suggestion, but will keep your structure.

* Converted `ServerAuthorization` resources to `AuthorizationPolicy` resources
  in Linkerd extensions
* Removed policy resources bound to admin servers in extensions (previously
  these resources were used to authorize probes but now are authorized by
  default)
* Added a `resources` field in the linkerd-cni chart (thanks @jcogilvie!)
* Fixed an issue in the CLI where `--identity-external-ca` would set an
  incorrect field (thanks @anoxape!)
* Fixed an issue in the destination controller that could result in stale
  endpoints when using EndpointSlice objects. Logic that previously resulted in
  undefined behavior is now infallible and endpoints will no longer be skipped
  during removal
* Added namespace to namespace-metadata resources in Helm (thanks @joebowbeer!)
* Added support for Pod Security Admission (superseedes PSPs); through this
  change extensions now have a `cniEnabled` value in their charts that will

>   directly influence which PSA policy to use

Reviewer 2: See my comment above
